README.md, before:

# NFTVehicleM: Architecture for accessing the NFT-Vehicle
## General description
  This is the source code of NFTVehicleM, an architecture containing all services for accessing the NFT-Vehicle. This contains mainly three parts:  
  - An API-Gateway service, we have called NFTVehicleM; and 
  - A blockchain server access. This uses Ganache program (application part of Truffle Suite). 
  - A simulator tool

## Folders
  It is composed by the following folders:

  - ganache/
  - nftvehicle/
  - NFTVehicles_simulator/

## Install
The following table illustrates the platforms where was already installed and proved succesfully:

Operating System     |      Hardware characteristics                                                                   | Installed 
-----------------    | ------------------------------------                                                            | --------- 
Windows 10 Pro       | 11th Gen Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-1165G7,  @2.80GHz 1.69GHz, 32GB RAM, 64-bit, x64-based processor. |   Yes
Windows 10 Home      | AMD Ryzen 3 2300U with Radeon Vega, Mobile Gfx, 2000Mhz, 4CPUs AMI F.48, 12GB RAM, x64-based PC.|   Yes 
MACOS 14.4.1 (23E224)| Intel Iris Plus Graphics 1536 MB, 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Intel Core i7,  16 GB 3733 MHz LPDDR4X      |   Yes    

To install each part execute the following instructions: 

  1. Firstly install docker, a guide for that visit [docker install](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).   
  2. Install Ganache: follow the instructions explained in file README.md within folder [ganache/](https://github.com/UP-NFTVehicles/nftvehicle/tree/main/ganache).
  3. Install NFTVehicleM, for that follow the instructions explained in file README.md within folder [nftvehicle/](https://github.com/UP-NFTVehicles/nftvehicle/tree/main/nftvehicle).
  4. Install the simulator tool, for that follow the instructions explained in file README.md within folder NFTVehicles_simulator/. This part is not required to run NFTVehicleM, at least you can execute some testing proofs.

## Example
  To consume the services provided by NFTVehicleM you can use Postman application (https://www.postman.com/). The following figure illustrates an example of tokenizing a vehicle by sending a request as you can see in the following image:
  ![](create.png)

  You can see all NFTVehicleM services at https://auditblockchain.postman.co/workspace/NFTVehicles~74903020-71ed-4d7d-b8ca-f7d5b27c2c17/collection/9485273-ae05999d-a773-4094-8d18-896e37bb0891?action=share&creator=9485273

Commit message:

SoftwareX V1.0.0
Deleting node_module, and updating some folders

README.md, after:

# NFTVehicleM: Architecture for accessing the NFT-Vehicle
## General description
  This is the source code of NFTVehicleM, an architecture containing all services for accessing the NFT-Vehicle. This contains mainly three parts:  
  - An API-Gateway service, we have called NFTVehicleM; and 
  - A blockchain server access. This uses Ganache program (application part of Truffle Suite). 
  - A simulator tool

## Folders
  It is composed by the following folders:

  - ganache/
  - nftvehicle/
  - NFTVehicles_simulator/
  - testingScripts/

## Install
The next table illustrates the platforms where was already installed and tested succesfully the proofs:

Operating System     |      Hardware characteristics                                                                   | Installed 
-----------------    | ------------------------------------                                                            | --------- 
Windows 10 Pro       | 11th Gen Intel(R) Core(TM) i7-1165G7,  @2.80GHz 1.69GHz, 32GB RAM, 64-bit, x64-based processor. |   Yes
Windows 10 Home      | AMD Ryzen 3 2300U with Radeon Vega, Mobile Gfx, 2000Mhz, 4CPUs AMI F.48, 12GB RAM, x64-based PC.|   Yes 
MACOS 14.4.1 (23E224)| Intel Iris Plus Graphics 1536 MB, 1.2 GHz Quad-Core Intel Core i7,  16 GB 3733 MHz LPDDR4X      |   Yes    

To install each part execute the following instructions: 

  1. Firstly install docker, a guide for that visit [docker install](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).   
  2. Install Ganache: follow the instructions explained in file README.md within folder [ganache/](https://github.com/UP-NFTVehicles/nftvehicle/tree/main/ganache).
  3. Then, install NFTVehicleM, follow the instructions explained in file README.md within folder [nftvehicle/](https://github.com/UP-NFTVehicles/nftvehicle/tree/main/nftvehicle).

## Example to consume the services
To consume the services provided by NFTVehicleM we provide three alternatives:
  
  1. You can use Postman application (https://www.postman.com/). The following figure illustrates an example of tokenizing a vehicle by sending a request as you can see in the following image:
  ![](create.png)
  You can see all NFTVehicleM services at https://auditblockchain.postman.co/workspace/NFTVehicles~74903020-71ed-4d7d-b8ca-f7d5b27c2c17/collection/9485273-ae05999d-a773-4094-8d18-896e37bb0891?action=share&creator=9485273 

  2. A second option is executing the scripts here added within folder [testingScripts](https://github.com/UP-NFTVehicles/nftvehicle/tree/main/testingScripts). This folder contains another folders pinpointing different test plans. Each plan contains the order of the execution scripts.
  
  3. A third option is to install a simulator tool that we have created. Follow the instructions explained in file README.md within folder [NFTVehicles_simulator/](https://github.com/UP-NFTVehicles/nftvehicle/tree/main/NFTVehicles_simulator).
